Now let us write a program for finding factorial of number.
This will be similar to the previous program that is finding the sum of first n national numbers.
So let us understand what does it mean by factorial then how we can solve a problem.
Let us understand the procedure and flowchart and program.
So first what does it mean by Factorial.
If I have a number six integer no. it should not be a decimal like six point five six point four.
It should be integral number factorial of that number means product of first  n natural numbers that
is up to 6 1 into two into 3 into 4 into 5 into 6.
That is factorial.
It is written like this, this is the symbol.
Now how much is the product of that.
Up to 6 It is 7 20.
So we have to take one multiplied by 2 then multiply it by three.
This is repeating right.
This is repeating yes when it is repeating then we can use a loop but we have to do it using loop.
So how does repeating or understand that I have data here in the form of a table.
So the procedure I have in and it step by step I have broken down something in two steps so that I see
here I have no 1 2 3 4 5 6, oh
this is the counter.
We are familiar with the counter.
Yes.
So let us call it as i,  that I use is starting from 1 onwards.
Then what is happening this side.
See what is multiplied by one, the result is one.
That one is taken here one into two the result two. 2  is taken down here then two is multiplied by three
to six and six is taken here after this.
Three four, six is multiplied by four, the result is twenty four is taken so next step.
And this four becomes five.
So this is multiplied.
The result here and this is multiplied.
So it means every time i is multiplied with the value there and the result is stored in that value only.
So let us call this as factorial.
So what is happening here.
Factorial is multiplied by I understand it is stored in factorial.
So initially what was the value of factorial.
So I should have a variable called factorial in that the value should be 1 then multiplied by 1
result is one then that factorial is still 1 then it becomes two then Factorial  become 2
then factorial  become 6 factorial become 24 then 120 and finally the 720.
And here if you have the 1 2 3 4 5 6 that is a counter .
So we can see that these two steps if I perform them repeatedly from 1 to 6 I get the result.
Well let us look at the flow chart here again the similar thing.
I have a start and  read no.
Then I assign one factorial assign one these two are initialized then this is the same thing only
we have seen it previously.
The difference here is a factorial is multiplied by I and I is incremented this is repeated as long
as it is less than equal to N and where it is greater than n false it will come out and print the factorial
then stop.
So that differs from the previous program to this program is, there we were adding here we are multiplying
and that's it.
So let us write  down a program for this one I have some variables already declared here and i infact if you
read here n I in fact these are the variables used.
So if you observe here n, i,  fact three variables are used,  so I have declared them then read
the value of n then, this reputation can be done using for loop right this is the counter control.
So for I start from 1 onwards I should be less than equal to N and I plus plus not everything is happening
inside this for only this production part.
This is finished.
Only this product part should be inside the loop.
So fact multiply assign i also I can write, instead of writing like this fact aside factor and
why even I can relate to compound assignment statement and I can write it like this that's all.
So this becomes very simple outside the loop at the end I should bring the factorial.
So here I will give you a proper message I'll give a message that factorial of then n, then again
here is then fact is a variable, in this i got the answer, that's all, return so and so.
How the output looks like.
It looks like, output will be, factorial of what is n, it is a six so six is as I should give some
spaces right before i and after s I should give space then fact.
So I'm getting the result here.
If n is six then answer is seven twenty will be displayed.
This is more meaningful message factorial of Six Seven twenty.
One more thing you can do.
You can say cout instead of this one right.
Instead of this one cout and n  then in double quotes exclamation and equal to sign close this one and
safe fact.
So what will be the output n means 6 then after that this exclamation.
Six factorial is equal to fact is how much 720 you get o/p like this.
instead of giving a message like this you can write this one also.
So anyone of this you can use.
So that's all just for the simple program for finding the factorial.
And there is a coding exercise available you have to write on this loop part right.
You have to write on the loop part and also you can practice this program.
There is a demo is also available so fast you practice it right by yourself.
Everything is there here on board.
You can note down and you can practice on your machine.
If you get any problem if you face any problem you can check out the demo video and PDF is also there.
Still if you have any problem you can give a message to me right.
I'll quickly reply to your message.
That's all in this video.